README.md, before:

# Snake Game

This project is a classic Snake game built using the Next.js framework and React library. It provides a modern approach to a timeless game, where the player controls a snake to collect food, growing in size and increasing in speed with each piece collected.

## Features
- Responsive controls using the keyboard's arrow keys to navigate the snake.
- Press SPACE to start or restart the game at any time.
- Built using modern JavaScript tools for web development ensuring compatibility and performance.

## Getting Started
To run this game locally on your machine:

1. **Install dependencies**: Ensure you have Node.js and npm installed. Then, run the following command to install the necessary packages:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. **Run the development server**: Start the server by running:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the game in your browser.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute it as you wish.

Commit message:

Update README to match Flappy Bird project details

README.md, after:

# Flappy Bird Game

This project is a classic Flappy Bird game built using the Next.js framework and React library. It provides a modern take on the popular game where the player controls a bird, trying to navigate through obstacles without hitting them.

## Features
- Responsive controls using the keyboard's spacebar to flap the bird's wings and navigate through pipes.
- Built using modern JavaScript tools for web development, ensuring compatibility and performance.

## Getting Started
To run this game locally on your machine:

1. **Install dependencies**: Ensure you have Node.js and npm installed. Then, run the following command to install the necessary packages:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
2. **Run the development server**: Start the server by running:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
   Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the game in your browser.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute it as you wish.
